hey everybody welcome back to northern
line redeems himself for the yesterday's
terrible daily it's a daily binding of
issac afterbirth plus today we're Judas
we go I don't even want to look at my
yesterday score but we go all the way
except you ignore mega Satan actually
yesterday we were 3088 that's actually
not as bad as the daily from the
thirteenth of May where we just didn't
find a seam that apparently everybody
else on planet earth found anyway
obviously yesterday's not my finest
moment but it was one of the funniest
failures I've ever had this is a
forty-eight thousand point
Judas daily as the top score and all the
scores are actually very tightly
clustered like within the top 10 and
only ranges from forty three thousand
and forty eight which I mean might seem
like a pretty large gulf but that's
pretty low relative to how it normally
is usually you know between number one
or at least the scores near the top and
then like the the scores that are a tear
below that but still better than I have
ever done there's usually a slightly
wider gulf so seems like you know if you
make it you've got a pretty good chance
to be in that vicinity or maybe I'm
mister reading it but we'll find out
soon the big thing is we just have to
like be better and it does I'm not
putting too much pressure on myself you
know I know the good dailies will return
I've been sort of wildly inconsistent
lately and by sort of I mean like
extremely wildly inconsistent lately and
Isaac and I do feel the pressure to be a
lot better but we got time you know as
long as we're entertaining people we'll
have patience so I think we're going to
go check this out because a single
spirit heart is way more valuable as
Judas than a blood bank chance on the
next floor and really the first floor is
pretty much as textbook as I can get for
Judas here don't take damage get a
spirit heart by basically whatever means
necessary and then you know fight a boss
that's not that tanky Bob's your uncle
we're leaving after a minute and 22
seconds and we got the blue cap which
makes me think it would be nice to have
an arcade on this
lor but also fairly relevant you know it
would be nice to have the access to the
chance to get blood bag but it doesn't
really matter too much not yet anyway
having the spirit heart is nice it's a
fail-safe and I think the more
fail-safes I can get the better you know
it says it's a young person's attitude
to not respect fail-safes you know oh I
mean actually now that I think about it
it's not really a young person's
attitude I think it's an attitude
emblematic of a certain generation and
that's probably older than my generation
you know I don't need to see if I'll
ever get into a car crash I Drive better
when I'm drunk you know stupid things
like that not of course not
blaspheming an entire generation here
I'm just saying you know my impression
of kids these days is entirely based
around the high school scenes from 21
Jump Street starring Channing Tatum and
Jonah Hill admittedly that movies like 5
years old now so if you were in like
sixth grade when it came out you're
probably about to graduate high school
and you're like what are you talking
about such an old movie but they seemed
environmentally conscious tolerant and
perhaps concerned with safety and you
know what Safety's hip Safety's hit
there ain't nothing wrong with safety
you want to work on the construction
site sorry buddy you've got to wear a
hard hat that's just the way it is who
don't stop I'm almost there okay
okay we can look for a second secret
room right here that seems like the most
likely scenario for it to be
we haven't wasted it oh that's not true
what the heck happened to my voice there
on the copy bubble or something we we
did ways to keep you into the shop
hopefully getting that spirit art
doesn't prove to be a big mistake I
don't think it will
seems unlikely would make that much of a
difference we will take black powder
even having like low-speed black powder
could be useful in the future so we got
to check it here I think we do look for
a second secret room over a secret room
we found it we got 3 red hearts sadly no
item room some modest bummer because we
this is a situation in which we could
have found an item room the only reason
we didn't is because we bought a spirit
art and then we ended up not needing the
spirit heart does that mean it was a bad
decision it's hard to say you know
Ashton Kutcher's butterfly effect I hate
that argument first off because I don't
respect the butterfly effect is a movie
HG Welles fan fiction look if you like
that's a movie that a lot of people like
and I'm ok with that you know I've come
to terms of the fact that I'm glad not
everybody has the opinions I have
because on some issues I'm insufferable
however in the directions cut of the
butterfly effect I'm gonna spoil it came
out like 10 years ago the director's cut
of the butterfly effect the whole movie
is about like a you know go back in time
try to fix things every time you fix
things you know some unforeseen
consequence happens that makes things
actually worse and you're like maybe we
should just accept the situation as it
is right maybe we should be content with
the way things have played out because
it's made us who we are and also because
you know everybody's relatively happy
and healthy anyway the point is the end
of that movie Ashton Kutcher goes oh man
that was really bad
I wish I had also a really bad Ashley
Kutcher impression but it is internal
monologue it was all I've really messed
things up you know what I'm going to do
he goes back in time to when he's in his
mother's womb and then he strangles
himself with his own umbilical cord
that's stupid
it's so stupid I hated I watched that
movie at a time it came out when I was
16 believe it or not I had friends they
watched that movie they were all that
endings pretty deep I'm they're laughing
along at the cafeteria too yeah it's
pretty deep man I never would have
thought of that maybe cuz it's stupid
overdramatic nonsense what do you just
I don't know why you just go back in
time to when you discovered that you got
time-travel powers and hit yourself over
the head with a brick or something so
you don't have time travel towers
anymore it's been a while since I've
seen the movie they might have done the
brick hitting strategy and rather you
know I don't get it
the point is I don't like the argument
that like well if you didn't buy the
spirit heart maybe you know the magnetic
spin on some atoms would be different
and the whole causality chain would be
messed up but I will accept that it's
not invalid as far as argumentation goes
but I think the more obvious effect of
having a spirit heart come on just let
us finish a black-powder circle of some
magnitude here the more obvious effect
of having the spirit heart is confidence
you know you you know that you're not
going to do we want to open anything you
know you're not going to die and as a
result weirdly enough I think that
sometimes makes you play better like if
you have too much security I think you
play worse you know you get a little
complacent I was just you know that's
miscellaneous damage that happens we get
here speedball actually really good for
what we've got going on I think we just
head down to the next floor to be honest
with you but yeah if you're close to
death I think that's when you you either
play the best you ever play or the worst
you ever play and honestly I don't want
to play the worst I've ever played so
let's just eliminate that from our
situations I don't think I need to play
the best I've ever played
so consider today's daily a success you
know I'm not shooting for an A+ here if
I could get like a see a strong see that
actually passes the game please do not
respond to that by saying you'll give me
a strong C I understand your lingo I am
a millennial like you I'm you but older
get this Skype message out of my face
you big disgrace waving that push link
all over the place of course I'll look
at it and see what has been sent 1.45
speed is enough to use black powder
pretty aggressively so I'm gonna when I
get a chance but I also you know use
boxing me out pretty nicely here I mean
we're doing a bunch of free damage to
him I think I'm finally like five years
after encountering people for the first
time I have a viable peep strategy and
it's whenever he shoots just get as far
away as you can never mind just
disregard me I was going to talk about
how to dodge that exact shot right there
so all right let's see what this guy
message is it's a push link it's just a
link to a picture of Papa John and his
son Bo both putting their fists up in
the air because they're stoked about a
Papa John sale so there you go important
piece of the discourse for you if you
ever wondered why my brain seems a
little you know fever addled when i do
these episodes keep in mind i immerse
myself every morning in that Skype
conversation tomo if you want to enter
the room you got a knock on the door you
can lead a tomo to water but you can't
make him drink you don't have to make
him drink he's the thirstiest cat of all
time he loves water it's like you might
drink more water a day than Kate does
not more than I do I'm a thirsty boy oh
this is a good gravy right here bookworm
and we will take Satanic Bible to be
honest with you we are a little light on
damage but we're still pretty early in
the game it's easy to forget but
especially I'm actually very resentful
of the knock back that we got going on
as well because I guess maybe it's a
product of our shot speed but it's hard
to catch enemies in a combo
okay so we got shop money we made money
by going here at least we do well
actually we're way ahead of schedule now
that I actually look at it I thought we
were one floor earlier than we actually
are
I know I harp on this all the time and
it's actually my fault because you know
I should just get a new computer like
that's pretty much indisputable but I
really only get any time you see the
framerate dip that's like a Skype
message these fuckers only talking Skype
when I'm doing a frickin Isaac video
it's like the DOE dad's away post means
it's a maybe it started as a coincidence
and I'm genuinely considering it might
be like a conspiracy now that's how you
want to spend your workday don't let me
stop you just cause of my framerate to
dip from 60 to like 42 but you know what
I shall perservere that sounds like
paranoid delusion this is where I point
out that it's ironic paranoid delusion
not get me committed paranoid delusion
what is this the coupon is the coupon so
every time you use the coupon it makes
one thing in the shop free one thing in
whatever room you're in free including
deals with Devils and Victor told me
even though this is a new item I think
it's worse than Satanic Bible so we're
going to ignore it for now but it's it's
with great hesitancy because I do
believe you know getting free deals of
the devil on occasion sounds like a
pretty sweet okay now this is just
getting ridiculous sounds like a pretty
sweet deal
that is bad damage but you know what
we're doing fine just hold it together
dude you're doing completely okay grab
your deal with the devil here swing your
partner round and round this is the
tanky as Gertie I've ever seen in my
life thank God for the speed up graves
Oh No Deal
I like the tiers upgrade don't get me
wrong we need some more hurtin power as
they said in the 2006 film Rocky Balboa
you got calcium deposits on your joints
forget the rest of the was gonna call it
a lyric but really that that that
movie's very musical so you know it it
opens with Sylvester Stallone being like
a recce but um ode again punch dead
whale in the new ado I get cold
that's what is this video let's check
into the skype corner some picture
Austin's an Australian dude holding a
gun caption says weird Australian Josh
alright
bevy of greatest tips
keep it going here occasional spider my
favorite kind of spider I not happy by
the damage I took be honest with you how
much damage that I've taken in this
video has come from enemies that shoot
shots radially I don't know if that's a
fair thing to complain about like it's
it I only am getting hit by enemies that
do a stupid circular attack we have
Chris Lee unknown we should be
completely okay stop taking damage
anyway as long as we just hold this run
together we got confidence you know this
one is the first daily in like five days
that doesn't end until the final floor
which is extremely good news because it
means that I can't accidentally walk
into a trophy which would be incredibly
you know I would destroy my self-esteem
for a you know a matter of minutes
without a doubt a little bit unhappy
with the deals with devil thus far black
powder is a decent deal with the devil
it was one point four or five speed we
can certainly make it work however
whipped on our thirty whatever percent
chance with on our sixty whatever
percent chance and now we're sitting
here with a hundred percent chance to HP
to the best of my memory of course what
I would describe is essentially
unlimited black cards thanks to Satanic
Bible unless we really start to mess it
up like as of right now we've taken some
pretty dumb damage but it hasn't been
dumb enough to compromise the whole run
it's just just not good damage we got
great rate of fire four point seven two
is our damage stat which is subpar but
you know considering our rate of fire in
book form we're still doing pretty well
and against certain kinds of bosses we
got the right you know we got the
knowledge to get us into college here
black powder can you know basically crap
on some enemies is what I'm saying and
no uncertain terms
there was a tinted rock back there we
got to be out of here by 16 minutes we
got plenty of time I think you go back
you know there's you've done you've done
well on this floor relatively after that
capitulation earlier we go back we go to
the curse room because we can afford to
we look for guppy stuff didn't get guppy
stuff but we did get an exploration
bonus we might as well go to the right
well we're here this could be the right
way to go to begin with but you know we
want to get the exploration bonus if you
got time you want to get the exploration
bonus yeah it's another demon arm once
we finish this one for whatever reason
like over the past week or so these have
been the hardest enemies to dodge any
enemy has like a very small animation
the Telegraph's they're about to shoot
and then they shoot in a somewhat
unpredictable fashion apparently like
whatever portion of my brain and I use
to you know code the dodge module for
those guys that know people say module
it sounded weird
say module or module Tomo you don't get
to answer buddy you don't have like the
same kind of pharynx that we do you
can't make the sounds but you know what
if you want to come into the room
welcome Tomo welcome where do you go
you're going penthouse you go on
basement what do you feeling today
sleep till noon or high-powered job as
an advertising executive Oh advertising
executive good choice buddy let me get
this teacup out of your way all right
let's go
it's like though daily with the most
positives in it because I'm turning on
sheet engines to give me a Stephen when
I finish this room one of these days I'm
going to be right with that prophecy and
it's going to backfire but for now it's
just funny
we should peep it like it could be a
special shop
it is highly not a special shop Elmo I
see that you have your ears back that's
like that's when it can't goes crazy you
know what buddy you may exit the room if
I miss this daily by 4 seconds I'm going
to find you and I'm going to grab you
with both hands I know turn you over and
I'm going to pet you vigorously on your
belly because you're you're cute and
good boy all right and I will take
personal responsibility for not locking
my office during the recording session
let's go we're still going to be on
schedule weirdly enough well close to on
schedule weirdly enough sometimes in
daily is when you fight dish you don't
actually get little dish which is kind
of what I'm hoping for now that plus a
deal with the devil has not Krampus
please because as much as lump of coal
could be solid for us I really really
really want more damage so that we can
get through boss Russian you know less
than 10 minutes what just god I'd get
the fundamentals going again dude I'm
kicking like laces in Jason Elam would
never kick laces in so we did get a
little dish and then we got ceremonial
robes
it's a damage upgrade actually 2.28 is a
pretty sizable damage upgrade as far as
I'm concerned we should be on full HP
and we are we don't have any bombs
otherwise I would blow up the mirror I
do think we want that you know to speed
with blood bag you really can't complain
so of course we're able to get a bomb
might like to use it on the mirror or we
might like to use it to get golden bombs
then use the golden bombs on the mirror
that seems like a better option right
now this is good we do have to be
concerned about the pace of this run
like the Backstreet Boys were concerned
about the shape of their heart in that
song when they tried to come back in
like 2004 Thank You P please
should we have fairly debatable just
trying to complete black-powder circle
he's done it he's done it you got hit in
the process but I could have been hit by
that one anyway so I think two speed
plus black powder is enough if we're
fighting you know I don't know what
percentage of enemies can fly versus
those that camp but we should have a
decent chance to get through boss rush
relatively quickly keep in mind we do
want to fight hush so it's like it's a
bit of a crapshoot
I haven't fought hush in a while
actually mostly because I keep dying on
non daily runs before the freaking womb
which is embarrassing enough I assure
you but this would be a really good
floor to beat the odds and get a deal
with the devil and have it not be
Krampus there's a lot of ifs in there
okay I mean this is sweet because like
black candles awesome stopwatch might be
better I'm going to start with black
candle and then hope that we can get
curses later okay we did find our boss
fight which is exciting we have not
found our item room how quickly can we
beat mom not as quickly as you might
think
because we don't have an orbital and
black powder is great but might find it
a little tough to make it happen
consistently on the foot I guess we
could black powder like one of the walls
and then try to you know get mom's hand
to come out or something we also have no
problem sacrificing like black hearts to
make it happen but I mean them kind of
not really stoked about doing this I'm
going to do it anyway don't do me dirty
you know you want to give me this item
room I think it helps to realize that
we're not actually at 1906 right now
we're actually at like you know nineteen
thirty because we've got to get into the
bathroom fine hurt me more I don't care
a body don't want it let's go don't need
it don't need it I want to be on half of
a black heart so that if I get hit the
black heart does damage I still have the
ability to use our Satanic Bible for a
few I mean we're like a thousand points
below where I'd like to be
I think you can see my methodology here
I hate you why are you so mean I swear
to God like the mom fight exclusively
exists to annoy the shit out of people
doing dailies at this point like I spent
so long trying to get this stupid thing
set up so that she would step in the
black powder and then she just goes um
no you know what I'm feeling like I'm
not gonna spawn a foot today any other
run 900 feet and when I spawn in early
as you know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
the mom who spawns 900 feet heaps and
when I screw you on your daily you will
know that it will be the mom who spawns
no people you
I hate spikes I'm not talking about the
magic the gathering player archetype I'm
talking about these spikes here that
make it very difficult for me to justify
the use of black powder there's going to
be a slow ish boss rush this guy's going
down you know early round so if we can
get him good stuff
got to get the third Ling's go into the
black powder circle whenever possible
keep in mind yes yes Lincoln Park here
but also keep in mind we got to do the
hush fight on today's run as well
I dare not chance it with this guy he's
not afraid any longer I was bad
admittedly you know what we need next is
the ability to fly first off it puts us
on par with the bosses in the game of
which apparently a nine million percent
of them can fly
and then beyond that it allows us to
ignore the spikes but I mean fairly
unlikely to happen on boss rush I mean
get a golden chest as a reward the
golden chest could give us the ability
to fly in the form of fate I suppose but
describe that as extremely unlikely why
do I even bother using black powder man
you might be saying I don't know at this
point you might be saying you don't know
I think that would be a fair assessment
of things to be honest with you and then
of course this guy decides spawn in he
doesn't know how to fly widow just fell
on the spikes that's a dream come true
there we go finally we made that one
work at least you know like I'm taking
some pretty horrible damage that's
apparent to everybody in the room right
now
skip on creeper but you know we we are
getting black heart damage done has some
importance
you can finish boss rush relatively
quickly and move along here
take your time hurry up the choice is
yours don't be late I maybe shouldn't
have used that not the lyric the lyric
is fine you know who doesn't you know
respect nirvana in this day and age Hey
I don't know what sound that was that
came out of my body was a little
horrifying gotta be honest like
gastro-intestinal II I'm not feeling
that great today I can't necessarily
blame it on what I ate for dinner last
night
but I did have a vegetarian poutine and
a beer that tasted like malt vinegar so
it would not necessarily be the biggest
surprise to me if I if I'd eaten
something that disagrees with my system
people get they are weirdly offended
when they find out you've eaten a
vegetarian meal by choice we went to a
vegetarian restaurant slash bar because
we live in you know probably the hipster
capital of Canada and I'm cool with that
dude give me a masala dosa any day of
the frickin week you know give me a doll
I'm into it lentil soups as the day is
long but I decided to get the poutine
and I don't know man something in my my
stomach is not loving the decision but
it could have also been the beer you
know there's this a beer trend right now
these sour beers actually quite like
them you know I like a vinegar taste but
perhaps something in that and the
ingredient list doesn't agree with my
system anyway now that we're talking
about my gastrointestinal woes I've
officially ascended to the level of
being a 900 year old person and beyond
that we need to freaking go faster
because this hush fight is going to
screw us man well if the scores are in
the 40,000 it probably does have a hush
fight on it so
where are you oh my okay so that is I
wish that I could complain about that
one I guess is what I mean to say there
I just walked directly on to the spikes
please I am begging you for mercy finish
boss rush
I love boss rush it's one of my favorite
mechanics in the Isaac series of
roguelike video games being forth being
functionally forced in the boss rush
with slightly subpar damage it's like my
second least favorite thing on planet
Earth after I don't know
vegetarian poutine that's right I said
it
vegetarian poutine worse than pollution
no that's obviously there's worse things
like a vegan poutine and I'm not even
like if you would if you're vegan that's
fine dude I got nothing against that
whatsoever like I said mouth and I we
were vegetarian for a while but you got
to admit it can't possibly be as good as
the regular variety otherwise the
regular variety would already be vegan
okay spoon bender you know what I'm out
spoon bender spoon bender will you'll be
mine by the way I didn't go to the deal
with the devil there which could cost us
but I didn't go with to the deal with
the devil because you know we didn't
have time we could have missed our
chance to do boss rush because of that
so Greene's gullet
but we have to fly to get it so no such
luck we basically have to go extremely
quickly and I'm hoping we're able to get
a boss rush here boss what am I talking
about movin we're able to get the hush
fight here but I'm also hoping we're
able to again we need this we're hoping
we're able to beat the odds and get a
freaking deal with the devil because
like life is pain right now seven
damages find it you might wonder why
like if I started around with seven
damage
I'd be soaked but now you know I'm on
the eighth floor and I got seven damaged
and I'm complaining about it was because
we're on the eighth floor enemies have
15 times the HP they used to have we're
not killing them fast enough to make the
to make the dream work you know say
teamwork makes the dream work
well this room is take us 45 minutes
let's do it
let's go it was the boss fight though
all is forgiven you spawned a troll bomb
and killed yourself that's the the only
chance we have smart black-powder plays
deal with the devil he's done it he has
not really done it but we will take sack
dagger okay we got to go like extremely
fast here I'm actually worried that we
may die on the hush fight I know we have
a ton of HP right now so that seems
patently ridiculous but I'm being
straight up with you I'm a little
concerned I would take shoopdawhoop I
know I'm a menace to society because
girls in biker shorts look so fly to me
that's nwa can't remember the name of
that song that I'm pretty sure it's
offensive
I mean they've only got a couple about
you know their relationships with women
and the titles trying to think you know
there's like a bitch is a bitch I'm not
saying that that represents how I
believe but at the same time you do have
to recognize it sounds like I'm about to
say you do have to recognize they got
some good points but no you got to
recognize you know the artistic value of
Straight Outta Compton is a landmark in
the gangster rap genre without
necessarily you know believing a hundred
percent of what they say I mean again in
the opening verse of Straight Outta
Compton
titular track on the album Ice Cube does
threaten the cook and eat Los Angeles
police officers so you know I think it's
fair to say that you probably don't
assume that I want to eat police
officers unless you know we tune in this
channel for the wrong reasons let's just
leave it at that because I don't eat
pork
no that's surprisingly vegetarian
episode of Isaac today we're probably
not going to make the hush fight which
which hurts me deep in my loins if we
like stuff if we really haul it we might
be able to make it happen now we are not
going to make it happen the superest of
super bombers okay the guys haggle eyes
and black room I mean that obviously is
terrible damage but in my defense the
slowest boss rush in Earth's history
maybe it's good you know we don't have
the same amount of pressure if we're
just going to do like a regular old
daily that doesn't go to hush we're
going to miss out on some points that's
going to keep us out of the top 100 but
you know maybe we'll be loved in life
it's like a weird daily it's very solid
but certainly not exceptional we
definitely like whiffed on several of
the deals of the devil
my damage penalty is going to be through
the roof but I think we've had a fun
time together here considering my
gastrointestinal distress I think I've
played okay worse than I would like but
okay at least a man like the deals of
the devil have been super whips let's
see what we're playing on the alan cess
today dead cells quake champions quick
lash that sounds perfect to me
wonderful great show today all right
come watch it get a time machine go back
do not strangle yourself in the woman's
drone bellick accord you bring value to
this existence
crank on that okay we finally well I
shouldn't say we finally got a damage
upgrade the thing is we have gotten good
damage upgrades over the course of this
run just far too few of them like sin
robes was a two point something damage
up that's high I mean part of that is
because we have the Judas damage
multiplier but it's like a really nice
damage modifier or damage up I should
say and you know we just got curb porn
that's like another 1.8 or something
that just came up for us and we have no
bombs so then on top of that we had book
of Belial for a long time I'm kind of
just going to mainline this one because
I'm worried more about our damage
penalty than anything else at this point
I don't think exploration is going to
save us too much so use sac dagger get
through this phase now play a little bit
more passively because you just crushed
him right there um good work the problem
is we just didn't really like
consistently ball out of control here I
think I might have missed something on
today's daily because I did I got tweets
from people and like people in quiz chat
when I was hanging out in my own chat to
give them you know the lowdown on when
the show is going to be today they were
like enjoy today's daily I'm not saying
that okay this is obviously hot-ass
garbage but you know what give me v4 and
suck everything else up look at that
then reroll my whole run this was a
reroll what in the world have you done
you had the treem but it wasn't enough
for you was it so I this is the worst
we have Tech X and we have dogs or fetus
and yet the run is bad like all we need
to do oh my lord
and we have - touch - it all I need to
do is get in there and hit him but I
can't hit him that was maybe a little
bit reckless admittedly I can't hit him
because the stupid tiny planet shots man
but this is not a squandered daily it
was squandered when we couldn't make it
to the hush my it's just a fun run which
maybe is the philosophy I should take
more often regardless we're just trying
perhaps in vain to get a reroll here and
at this point you know I can't
distinguish myself by coming for
hundreds on a daily the best thing we
can do is at least do something unique
at the end of the day Lee and I think we
certainly fit that bill ah I don't know
if you want to do the big room
necessarily you might want to start by
doing some small rows until you get a
reroll here we also don't know what our
reroll is going to be I got to be honest
when the bookworm dr. fetus shots land
with tech X attached to them they crush
they're actually amazing however there's
a little bit of risk inherent namely
that you know the bombs explode into us
and also they don't even go anywhere
close to where we aim the majority of
the time okay I'll tell you what let's
do one more let's do the big room get
our reroll and get your beer oh I'm
du-deta du-deta did it great song dude
oh you know Missy Elliott get your freak
on little known indie classic that went
number one in about 45 countries no but
that's a misnomer first off there aren't
even 45 countries secondly just because
it's popular don't mean it's a bad song
baby we actually played really well in
that room I think you're reroll your
whole run this seems pretty dope now and
we also have the miters so now we should
live as far as I'm concerned if you ever
use the d4 or D 100 you should get a one
time balls bonus of like 3500 points so
I mean this is why I don't design this
game because I my ideas are too powerful
my ideas are too strong for you gamer
even the most powerful eSports athletes
can handle my design documents traveller
who needs a spirit heart at this point
your life its 2017 if you still need a
spirit heart to win an Isaac run you
should just start a YouTube channel and
played two runs of Isaac a day plus
other miscellaneous indie games and you
know uploads of your twitch vods
somewhere between 24 and 96 hours after
they originally aired
let's go am I going to reroll my whole
run I mean the D infinity is pretty cool
is it the D 100 no it's a beep thing I
think I'm going to reroll my whole run
but I kind of want to like see if the
boss is here first because this runs
pretty good and we could squander it
really easily let's do it
got Beelzebub this epic foetus are
marked is epic foetus so I mean it's
like absurdly strong we might actually
rank better than expected on today's
daily we're not going to be top you know
anything where is it marked it is marked
+ epic fetuses I'm like my crosshair is
not resetting in between shots it is
actually nice to not have to move it if
we have an enemy that's largely
stationary like a blue baby for example
but I got to get out of the habit of
moving it - alright let's go I'm ready
not sad bombs
okay walked into him didn't take damage
Thank You host cat Thank You host man
head and your black and white cat
where's my Commonwealth country that
okay grab it we're going to be in like
the low 30s it's not a good score but
considering the reroll we got in the
chest I'm going to live with it 360 dude
you know why they call this the 360 rank
because when you see it you turn 360
degrees in walk moonwalk away thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
outside a great deal of course subscribe
you wanna see more in the future for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time